# 乔瑟夫·乔斯达（乔乔福音）

主要
乔乔福音

Joseph Joestar（日文：ジョセフ・ジョースター?，Josefu Jōsutā）, also known as Fumi（日文：文?，Fumi）, and Fumi-kun, is a minor character who appears briefly during the eighth part of the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure series, JoJolion.
He is a teenager living in Morioh in 1941, who agrees to help Lucy Steel when she arrives to investigate the Locacaca. He is the grandson of Johnny Joestar and Rina Higashikata, and has an unnamed Stand that creates vines, similar to the original Joseph Joestar.

Appearance
Fumi is a 17-year old male of average height. He wears a collared shirt under a long-sleeved sweater. The sweater's left breast is adorned with an emblem of a horse's head inside a horseshoe on a crest, and the neckline of the sweater is bordered by a checkered pattern. His shorts are dark in color, knee-length, and baggy. The belt of his shorts holds up a small rectangular pouch on each hip. Joseph goes sockless, with geta (wooden sandals). In the cover page art for Chapter 109, he is seen with a book bag over one shoulder. The shoulder strap is connected to the bag itself with the same emblem of the sweater, as well as a circular shape with a star in the center just above the emblem, on either side of the bag. In the middle of the front flap of the bag, is an ornament resembling the face of Josuke's Stand, Soft & Wet. 

文件:Joseph JJL BirthMark.PNG.png  Joseph Joestar's birthmark
Joseph's hair is light in color, and buzzcut - save for two opposite pointing horizontal strands of hair just below three spheres above his hairline. His facial features are very soft - round, dark-coloured eyes and a small nose. The star-shaped birthmark of the Joestar family line is on his left shoulder (and is seemingly where his Stand manifests from). 

Personality
Fumi is quick to respond to a situation, and willing to help those in need. He cares much for his girlfriend; to the extent that when he realizes a thief stole his wallet he takes up Lucy's job offer in order to get some quick cash to pay for his date. He is informative of local news/rumors, as seen when he explains the 'Radio Gaga Incident' to Lucy after showing concern for her wanting to visit that particular area. This also extends to knowledge of local flora and fauna. 
Fumi is a very polite, kind individual, who puts other's safety above his own. He seems to be startled somewhat easily, even freaking out over finding severed bird parts near the guardrail. After the Radio Gaga Incident is 'proven' to be true, he expresses a great desire to flee the area, but not without Lucy herself. Despite this, he's still quick to leap into a dangerous situation in order to save another from harm.

Abilities
Joseph Joestar's Stand
文件:Joseph Joestar JJL.png  Joseph and his Stand.
Joseph Joestar's Stand produces vines out of his out of his birthmark that can be controlled and wrapped around his arm and it appears to have a slight humanoid form in the shape of a head covered by vines with thorns, it is similar to that of his counterparts' Stand Hermit Purple.

History
Background
Joseph Joestar was born in the year 1924, he is the son of George Joestar III and the grandson of Rina Higashikata and Johnny Joestar. He was named by his grandmother Rina who lived with him in S City.

JoJolion
Radio Gaga Incident
In 1941 Joseph goes to the station in S City to take his girlfriend out on a date. He however has a brief encounter with a thief that was stealing the luggage of an elderly Lucy Steel. Joseph knocks the thief down by flinging his geta sandal at him causing him to flee.
After getting her luggage back Lucy offers Joseph 20,000 yen to be her local guide around the city and to carry her heavy equipment. However, Joseph refuses because of his plans to go on a date with his girlfriend. He notices her holding a photograph of an orchard to which he calls the place of "The Radio Gaga Incident", a place of bad luck with countless deaths in the past. Joseph's girlfriend arrives at the station, although Joseph realizes that the thief stole his wallet before running away, forcing Joseph to set the date aside and accept the Lucy's offer. She reveals that she works at the Speedwagon Foundation specializing in botanyW and geomorphologyW. He wonders if she was going to the orchard because of a crime that had happened there, but she says that she had come from America to investigate the site as her "mission", as if it was a command from heaven. Before going with her Joseph introduces himself using his nickname, Fumi.
Joseph, Lucy, and Lucy's driver later arrive at Morioh's hunting grounds near the orchard owned by the Higashikata Fruit Company. As Lucy inspects the site and observes the Higashikata house with a telescope, Joseph finds the remains of a bird under his foot. He freaks out after Lucy's driver appears behind him, seemingly entranced by a voice only he can hear. He begins to strip down naked and approaches the Guard Rail, just like the victims in the local legend. Panicking, Joseph calls Lucy's attention before a truck passes on the road and the driver disappears. Joseph inspects the remaining clothes and only finds a severed hand. He tells Lucy to flee as soon as possible but she refuses, explaining that she came to Morioh after discovering that a plant named the "Locacaca" had been growing in the cursed land that was similar to the Devil's Palm in America. Suddenly, Lucy hears strange voices and would begin to be sucked into a gap between the guard rails.
Realizing she's in grave danger, Joseph drags Lucy away from the guard rail. Lucy apologizes for involving him in her mission to find a plant and explains that the guard rail, called Radio Gaga, must be a new type of creature protecting something. She suddenly coughs up blood, prompting Joseph to drag her towards the car before the bloodied remains of the driver pulls them back, seemingly controlled by Radio Gaga. With no other choice, Joseph exchanges positions with Lucy and lets himself be dragged by the driver. Lucy spots the Star Birthmark on the back of his shoulder and realizes that he is a Joestar, connecting them in her mission. She tells him to start the car engine, knowing that he has his own Stand. Joseph unleashes his Stand to drag the car and throw it towards Radio Gaga. He reveals his real name to Lucy and tells his story to her while carrying her on his back. At the same time, Lucy sees a man in the distance planting a Locacaca on a pot before disappearing.

Aftermath
Later on, Joseph accompanies Lucy to her hometown in America. Unfortunately, because of the breakout of World War II in 1941, he is unable to come back to S City because of blocked maritime transportation in the Pacific Ocean. He subsequently becomes Lucy's assistant, receiving an education and citizenship in New York. He later works at a casino hotel in Atlantic City, New JerseyW. In 1952, he meets a woman from the Speedwagon Foundation named Suzi Q. They eventually get married and have two daughters, Holy Joestar-Kira and Barbara Ann Joestar.

The JOJOLands
The story of Part 9 follows the grandchildren of Joseph Joestar, Jodio Joestar and Dragona Joestar of the Joestar bloodline.

Chapters